Bank Safely
Bank Safely
Scam Alert Tips

Wema Bank will never ask you to send or update your account information via e-mail, especially your password or PIN.
Always access our internet banking platform through our safe and secure website only – www.alat.ng or online.alat.ng.
Never share your internet banking details/logon credentials, PIN or Token (OTP) Codes with anyone.
Never write your password, Token (OTP) codes, PIN or card/banking details anywhere or send it via chat, e-mail, SMS or any other medium.
Immediately inform us by calling our contact centre if you think your card or banking details have been compromised in any manner, stolen or lost.
You can also inform us by calling 0-7000-PURPLE, 080-3900-3700, or by sending an SMS to 0705-111-2111.
Guard Yourself

Register your card details.
Activate card control on ALAT
Only enter your card details on secure sites – check the web address begins with ‘https’ and that there’s an unbroken padlock symbol in the browser address bar.
Use a computer, laptop or mobile device that’s protected with up-to-date security software.
Avoid entering your card details on shared or public computers.
Never give someone access to a device, like your computer or mobile, where your details are stored.
Always log out after shopping and save the confirmation email as a record of your purchase.
When in doubt, do not hesitate to contact the Bank for further information.
Keep your contact details/ personal information with the bank up-to-date.
Avoiding Financial and Phishing Scams

‘Phishing’ is where fraudsters send you emails or texts, often appearing to be from your bank, asking you to reply with your security information or click on a link, where they can then access your details. Fraudsters may tell you to update your BVN by sending your security information. Other email and texts trick you into downloading malicious software that helps fraudsters get hold of your account details and your money. The messages may look legitimate and will try to trick you into clicking a link, downloading something or opening an attachment.

Never log in to Online Banking through a link in an email. Either type the address into your browser or use your bookmarks.

Only use official Mobile Banking apps, e.g. ALAT and only download apps from an official app store.

Be wary of opening attachments or links in emails or texts that you weren’t expecting or are unsure about.

Never share any security information in response to an email or text or on a site accessed via a link in an email or text Banks will never call you and ask you to transfer money to a new account, so ignore such calls. Ensure we have your latest mobile number so we can contact you if we spot unusual or suspicious activity on your account.

E-mails and calls from Wema Bank

We may e-mail or call you to confirm a transaction from time to time, but we’ll…
Never email or text you a link that takes you straight to the Online Banking log-in page.
Never email or text you asking you to verify your account or security details.
Never email, text or call to ask you for your card details, password, PINs, or OTP codes.
Never text you asking you to confirm a recent transaction (we may e-mail or call).
Never call you to tell you how to respond to a confirmation text message.
Keeping Your Card and Card Details Safe

Always shield your PIN when you are using your card.
Change your PIN immediately if you suspect someone else may know it.
Don’t use personal details or combinations that are easy to guess when choosing your PIN.
Choose a PIN, password or passcode that’s difficult to guess (for example, you shouldn’t use something like ‘1234’ or your date of birth)
Never reveal your PIN to anyone.
Don’t let anyone distract you when you’re using your card in a shop or at an ATM, even if they appear to be helpful.
Process and/or pick-up new cards from your local/domiciled branch if convenient.
Sign new bank cards as soon as you get them and keep them in a safe place.
Never write your security or card details down in a way someone else might recognize.
Never let someone take your card away to process a transaction
Never hand your card over to anyone.
Report any lost or stolen cards immediately.