Keep Your Details Safe Online
Keep Your Details Safe Online
Identity Theft

What to look out for:

Odd transactions - Check your bank or credit accounts.
Unexpected post - Letters may arrive that you didn‘t expect. Even credit cards that you didn’t apply for.
Calls about debt - You could get calls from debt collectors or companies about things you didn’t buy.
Your details can be found in many places, so you need to keep them safe.
What you can do:

Go paper free - Get bank and credit statements online.
File or destroy - If you're not paper free then it’s best to file them away or to shred them.
Be safe on social media - Be careful what you put on social media. Don’t share any banking or payment details, even to friends.
Be wary of strange emails or texts - If you’re not sure who a message is from then don’t reply until you’ve double checked. And don’t reply with your personal details.
Cancel lost cards or documents - If you lose a card or an important document then you should cancel it right away.
How to protect your devices

Your devices let you chat, shop and bank online. So they store a lot of personal data, like texts, pictures and banking details. Fraudsters use scam calls or messages to try and steal details and money.

But you can take simple steps to keep your devices safe from scams.

Keep up-to-date

Update the operating system (OS) and software on your device as often as you can. The OS runs all of the programs and apps. It also helps to keep it safe from viruses.
Using your bank app

After you use bank online or use any other online account, log off. This can help to stop others from getting into your account.
Lock your device

Choose a PIN or password to lock your device when it’s not in use. This will stop other people from using it.
Be Wi-Fi wise

You should change the password that came with your Wi-Fi router or hub. Choose a strong password that only you know. Don’t let anyone use it without your approval.
Only use genuine and secure Wi-Fi when you’re away from home.
How to protect your passwords

Use strong passwords

There are many simple ways that you can stay safe online. Using strong passwords are a good way to start.
You can create a strong password by following password guidelines (lower case, upper case, alphanumerics & numbers)
Protect your accounts

Your first line of defence should be your email account. It can hold a lot of your personal details and be used to get into your other online accounts.
If you don’t have one already, pick a new strong password for your email account. Then do the same for all your other accounts, like:
Bank account.
Social media accounts.
Save your passwords

It’s best to use a different, strong password for each account you have. You can use your browser to help you remember them all.
Your browser settings should let you save each password. Browser security is very good, so it’s a safe thing to do and makes it easier to log in.
Extra security

If an account asks you to set security questions, try to avoid using personal details.