personal-loan 
 Personal Loan is a loan facility currently available to employees who operate a Salary Current or Savings Account with Wema Bank. This product is also available for formally employed staff of companies/employers pre-approved by Wema Bank and groups of salary earners under an association. With this product, you can cover medical bills, purchase a car, make home improvements, give your side hustle a little boost, pay for training to improve yourself, and do so much more!
The personal loan will be disbursed into a salary account domiciled with the Bank.
In case you need an instant loan, check out ALAT instant loan
The WEMA Bank USSD code for loans in Nigeria is *945*65#. Simply dial *945*65# and follow the prompts to get loans in Nigeria from WEMA Bank.
Features of Personal Loans
Available to existing salary account holders, based on salary domiciliation.
New customers, will in addition to salary domiciliation, provide evidence of consistent salary payment for the most recent 3 months.
The maximum loan amount is 7 multiples of net monthly salary, subject to a maximum of N4 million
Maximum loan tenor of 24 months.
Loan Top-up available after 6 months of regular monthly down payments.
Available to confirmed employees only.
Apply for loans & overdrafts at the convenience of your office.
Short turnaround time for loan & overdraft disbursement (48 hours).
Access to mobile & Internet Banking services.
FAQ


consumer-loans 
 School Fees Advance is a short-term financing package designed to meet the financial needs of parents/guardians when their school fees obligation falls due. Permanently employed individuals whose salary accounts are domiciled with the bank, Self Employed with proven capacity and character to repay
School Fees Advance is a loan facility is designed to finance the payment of your child’s/ward’s school fees for schools/institutions in Nigeria and the diaspora. This facility is available to permanently employed individuals whose salary accounts are domiciled with the bank, Self Employed with proven capacity and character to repay
Life happens, but you can depend on us for a quick loan to take care of the things that are important to you, like the future of your loved ones. Speak to us about an advance of up to 10 million Naira for school fees.
What is school fees advance?
School fees advance enables people undergoing different kinds and levels of formal education access to funds necessary for the completion of such study. Expenses ranging from costs of required stationeries, school fees, accommodation, as well as other expenses required by the students in need are covered by these loans. These facilities are majorly not known by many students, and for the selected few who know about them, processing them is unknown of them.
School fees advance like other loan facilities come with their terms and conditions of the acquisition. Eligible students, primarily students who have difficulty sourcing funds for their education would need to further meet some requirements before being through the process of loan obtainment.
Pursuant to the Stamp Duty Act Cap 58, Laws of the Federation of Nigeria 2004 (as amended), the Finance Act 2019 (as amended) and the Press release of the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS), on payment and collection of Stamp Duty taxes, the bank shall deduct and remit, as required, all Stamp Duty taxes on the principal amount of the facility and related dutiable instruments.
Features of School Fees Advance
3% per month;36%p.a (PLR) interest rate
For parents with Royal kiddies and Purple account child/wards there is a Concessionary interest rate of PLR – 3% (36% - 3%) = 33%pa (subject to maintaining an average balance of N100,000 over recent 3months period )
1% insurance premium
Minimum Facility Amount of N50,000
Maximum Facility Amount of N5,000,000
Maximum tenor of 12 months
School/Tuition fees will be paid directly to the child/ward's school
Requirements of a School fees advance
Completed School Fees Advance application form.
Letter of introduction: This is to determine the employment status of the parent/guardian.
Irrevocable letter of domiciliation from the employer: This is to ensure that the parent/guardian’s salary will remain with Wema Bank until the advance is liquidated.
Invoice of School/tuition fees.
Proof of identity (Driver’s license, National ID, International Passport or Voters card) Employment ID is not sufficient.
Proof of address i.e., utility bill.
Last three month’s pay slip.
Six months’ salary statement of account (for customers whose salary accounts cannot be or are not domiciled with Wema Bank).
Admission letter from the school if the school is in diaspora.

nysc-loan 
 NYSC Loan is to finance the entrepreneurial working capital and empower corp members
Features of NYSC Loan
25% per annum
1% management fee
Maximum tenor 10 months
Minimum limit N20,000
Maximum limit N100,000
Click Here To Apply For NYSC Loan on ALAT

salary-based-loan 
 ALAT Salary loan is for Salaried individuals whose companies are enlisted with the bank. It is a fast, convenient and reliable way of accessing funds anywhere using a mobile device or a computer.
Salary earners will be able to receive a minimum of #50,000 and up to #4,000,000 within hours and will repay in 12 months
The process of getting the salary-based loan is entirely online – on the ALAT app or web page – and begins with downloading the app from Android or IOS app store for new customers and a simple login with a click on the ‘Loan’ icon for ALAT registered customers on the ALAT app or web page.
To ensure that customers have a hitch-free registration process, the ALAT app has been updated to include a video run-through of the process of registration at the sign-up page. Customers can also get a simple explainer of each step of the registration process by clicking on the ‘I’ icon on each page of the app.
Also, for customers to have financial confidence and freedom, ALAT has introduced a zero balance. This means that customers can withdraw their money to the last kobo and there will be no charges should any customer maintain a zero balance on their account.
Features of ALAT Salary Based Loan
N50,000 minimum loan amount
N4million maximum loan amount
12 months maximum tenor
The Interest rate for salary accounts domiciled in Wema interest rate is 4% per month, while for salary accounts NOT domiciled, the interest rate is 5% per month
Click Here To Apply For Salary Based Loan on ALAT

payday-loan 
 This is a 30days loan tailored for salary earners. It is a fast, convenient and reliable way of accessing funds anywhere using a mobile device of a computer.
Features of Payday Loan
5% per month for wema customers, 6% for none wema
Maximum facility limit is N500,000
30 days Maximum Tenor
1% Management Fee
0.5% insurance
Click Here To Apply For Payday Loan on ALAT

quick-loan 
 This is a 30days loan for both cash flow customers and salary earners, To provide short term facility to individuals with regular cash inflow.
Features of Quick Loan
7% interest rate per month
Management Fee - 1% and Insurance of 1%
Available to individuals with regular cash flow
Maximum tenor 30days
10% of trim mean average monthly turnover.
Min ave monthly turnover of N20,000
Click Here To Apply For Quick Loan on ALAT

goal-based-loan 
 This is a reliable way of accessing funds without breaking your savings. It is available for all customers with Goal savings on the ALAT App.
Features of Goal-Based Loan
17.49% p.a
Maximum facility limit is N80% of all customers Goal savings
12 months Maximum Tenor
1% Management Fee
0.5% insurance
Click Here To Apply For Goal-Based Loan on ALAT

cig-car-loan 
 Vehicle Finance provides asset finance availability to individuals who wish to acquire and enjoy new vehicles, Tokunbo vehicles, and pre-owned vehicles of their choice. This product is available for employed staff of companies, self-employed individuals with a steady income from their business venture, and Groups of Salary earners under an association.
Car Loan enables you to own a car today for as low as N195,000 monthly payment!
We are excited to announce the "Easy Buy Finance" scheme, a vehicle finance scheme in partnership with Choice International Group (CIG) Motors aimed at assisting you to buy GAC vehicles with ease and at affordable prices with a flexible repayment plan.
This facility is customized for our salary savings or current account customers to buy motor vehicles. Features
The scheme enables individuals who meet the prescribed conditions to pay an equity contribution of 10% with 48 months tenor payment
Covers 3 ranges of Sport Utility Vehicles in the GAC fleet, GS3, GS4 and GS8
15% discount off the current market cost of the vehicles
Suitable for customers' needs with manageable monthly repayments.
Best suited for individuals, organizations, corporate bodies and institutions as an easy and convenient means to own a brand new car.

asset-finance 
 This product enables customers to acquire furniture, Generators, Home Theatre, TVs, Refrigerator, and Other portable/moveable electronics. and household devices of their choice. This product is available for Formally employed staff of companies, Self-employed individuals with a steady income from their business ventures, and Groups of Salary earners under an association.
Features of Asset Finance
interest rate is 36%p.a
1% flat management fee
Maximum loan amount is N50m
Covers assets like Generator, TVs, Refrigerator and other household
Up to 12 months
20% equity contribution
Click Here To Indicate Interest

green-energy-finance 
 This product enables customers to Finance the Acquisition of Renewable Energy Solutions (Like Solar Energy Systems, Inverters, Batteries, Solar Panels, And Accessories) of their choice. This product is available for employed staff of companies, Self-employed individuals with a steady income from their business ventures, and Groups of Salary earners under an association.
Features of Green Energy Finance
36%p.a interest rate
1% flat management fee
Maximum loan amount is N3m
Minimum loan amount is N100,000
Covers Green Energy like Solar Energy Systems, Inverters, Batteries, Solar Panels, And Accessories
Up to 12months
20% equity of the requested amount
Click Here To Indicate Interest

device-loan 
 Device finance facility available to individuals who wish to acquire and enjoy brand smartphones, Tablets & Laptops. This product is available for Salary earners, and individuals whose salaries are paid through the payroll system Remita
Features of device Loan
5%p.m interest rate for non-Wema customers
4%p.m interest rate for Wema customers
1% management fee
3.65% insurance premium
Maximum loan amount is N1,000,000 (N50,000 min)
Up to 6months
20% Equity contribution
Click Here To Indicate Interest
