
USE OF COOKIES
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology, to improve your experience while on our websites. We would like to let you know a few things about our cookies:
 Some cookies are essential to access certain areas of this site.
We use analytics cookies to help us understand how you use our site to discover what content is most useful to you.  
Wema bank Plc. uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, including:
Allow us to recognize the PC you are using when you return to our web site so that we can understand your interest in our web site and tailor its content and advertisements to match your interests (This type of cookie may be stored permanently on your PC but does not contain any information that can identify you personally).
Identify you after you have logged in by storing a temporary reference number in the cookie so that our web server can conduct a dialogue with you while simultaneously dealing with other customers. (Your browser keeps this type of cookie until you log off or close your browser when these types of cookies are normally deleted. No other information is stored in this type of cookie).
• Allow you to carry information across pages of our site and avoid having to re-enter that information. Allow you access to stored information if you register for any of our on-line services.
Enable us to produce statistical information (anonymously) which helps us to improve the structure and content of our web site.
Enable us to evaluate the effectiveness of our advertising and promotions.
Please note that by continuing to use our website, you consent to our use of cookies as described above. You can manage your consent to cookies through your web browser settings, which allow you to accept or reject cookies, or to be notified when a cookie is set. Please note that blocking all cookies may limit your ability to access certain features of our website.
Cookies do not enable us to gather personal information about you unless you give the information to our server. Most Internet browser software allows the blocking of all cookies or enables you to receive a warning before a cookie is stored.
For further information, visit allaboutcookies.org.
MAINTAINING ACCURATE INFORMATION
You are responsible for making sure the information provided to the Bank is accurate and should inform the Bank on any changes as it occurs, this will enable us to update your information with us.
PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
Wema Bank respects the privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect names, email addresses, or any other personally identifiable information from children through the internet or other touchpoints. We do not allow children under the age of 18 to open accounts nor provide online banking for children less than 18 years of age without the consent of a guardian. Our website may include linked 3rd party sites that would be of interest to children. We are not responsible for the privacy and security practices of these sites. Parents should review the privacy policies of these sites closely before allowing children to provide any personally identifiable information.  
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION
To maintain the security of our systems, protect our staff, record transactions, and, in certain circumstances, to prevent and detect crime or unauthorized activities, Wema Bank PLC reserves the right to monitor all electronic communications to make sure that they comply with our legal and regulatory responsibilities and internal policies.
SOCIAL MEDIA
We operate and communicate through our designated channels, pages, and accounts on some social media sites to inform, help and engage with our customers. We monitor and record comments and posts made about us on these channels so that we can improve our services. The public can access and read any information posted on these sites. Please note that any content you post to such social media platforms is subject to the applicable social media platform’s terms of use and privacy policies. We recommend that you review the information carefully to better understand your rights and obligations regarding such content.
CONTACTING YOU
In providing your telephone, facsimile number, postal and e-mail address, or similar details, you agree that Wema Bank PLC may contact you by these methods to keep you informed about Wema Bank products and services or for any other reason. If you prefer not to be kept informed of Wema Bank products and services, please contact Wema Bank PLC by E-mail (purpleconnect@wemabank.com) or through any of our branches.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website, related websites and mobile applications may have links to or from other websites. Although we try to link only to websites that also have high privacy standards, we are not responsible for their security, privacy practices or content. We recommend that you always read the privacy and security statements on these websites.
POLICY UPDATES
Wema Bank reserves the right to amend its prevailing Data Protection and Privacy Statement at any time and will place any such amendments on our websites (www.wemabank.com, www.alat.ng, & outlet.alat.ng). The latest version of our privacy statement will replace all earlier versions unless it says differently. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Notice. This policy is not intended to, nor does it, create any contractual rights whatsoever or any other legal rights, nor does it create any obligations on Wema Bank PLC in respect of any other party or on behalf of any party.
PRIVACY CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy, you may contact our Data Protection Officer. Kindly address your request to “The Data Protection Officer” at 54, Marina Road, Marina, Lagos State, Nigeria or via email (dpo@wemabank.com)
If you have any further questions or comments about us or our policies, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at: purpleconnect@wemabank.com
Call us: +234-803-900-3700.